
To Compile:
Open main.fla or demo.fla in Adobe Flash CS5 (other versions will most likely work
but this is the only version I have to test)
choose file->publish to create a .swf file named main.swf or demo.swf

To Run:
index.html: compile demo.swf and then open in a browser.  click start to load the
textures and start the demo running.  Arrow keys will rotate the camera, and
you can toggle options on and off as well as applying animation.

memoryCheck.html: compile demo.swf then it
will load and delete the hih and low quality boxes
on an endless loop once you click start.  Right click to view
how much memory it's taking up.

fading.html: compile demo.swf
tests the fading of opacity.  It fades between the high and low
quality boxes on an endless loop after clicking start

triTest.html: compile main.swf
tests how many triangles can be drawn.  When you click start
342 cubes are added to the screen (each with 12 triangles), you can
animate these cubes like with index.html.  Clicking add more adds another
342 cubes.


Notes:
main.fla and demo.fla both compile the same code the only difference is demo.fla
also compiles code to load in the text files lobby.txt and lobby-hi.txt which are
used in memoryCheck.html, fading.html, and index.html.  triTest does not use these
files and so just requires main.swf to run.

Testing locally is currently somewhat tricky because of security in
flash and javascript.  To allow the flash to communicate with js (which
can access the web) and also to load images of your local harddrive
you need to give it (main.swf) and also the webpage (index.html) permission
to do so.

Flash CS5 has a nasty habit of adding control M's to my code where it sees
newlines.  Depending on what was used to open the file last some of these
may be in the .as files i remove these in VIM using the command...
:%s/carrotM/\r/g
carrotM is typed using control-v and then control-m

Comments:
DEMO is used to show what to comment out in Main.as to have something like
the index.html demo run in pure action script.

FP11 is used in renderable to show which code should be changed to run
with hardware acceleration in flash player 11
